{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Camera Gesture Control of a Computer\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I would like to do a project involving the use of the built-in camera on my Mac to control my computer. This will be done using a neural network that will be trained in video pattern recognition. The types of controls would be all of the native controls that a Mac user is used to as well as user-definable controls consisting of strung together predefined gestures. I will need to teach myself the Objective-C language and its GUI building controls to complete this project since it has the best supported and best documented APIs for Macs out of any other languages that Apple supports. I will also possibly need to teach myself AppleScript in order to be able to interact with other applications that are running such as pausing or playing iTunes, etc. I will definitely need to teach myself more about neural networks and a better backpropagation algorithm (I found one that uses an adaptive learning rate selection method) as well as figure out a neural network model that can be used to interpret a video source rather than just static images. Another thing that I will have to learn is multi-threading. Although I have worked with multi-threading in the past, it has been extremely simple applications in a much lower level language than Objective-C. A large amount of time will also go into the creation of the data set used to train the neural network. This will include taking many thousands of pictures of all the stages of each gesture. I've been planning on doing this project for a while now and would greatly appreciate being given credit towards graduation for it.\
\
Thank you for your consideration,\
\
Bryan}